[13.0][ADD] crm_security_group: Add new category about CRM and create 3 groups to separate Sales and CRM apps (#390)
OCA/crm: crm_security_group/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module add new group in Sales to show only CRM (and exclude all about sale orders).

Reviewer: s/add/adds, but the specifications are not this one, but a totally new module category called CRM for having 3 security groups twins to the Sales one, as we don't want to lose the possibility of restricting the visibility of the documents.

Then, you need to recreate all the ACLs, record rules, and add menu groups according these 3 new security groups.

> This module add new category about CRM and create 3 groups (Own Documents Only, All Documents and Administrator) to separate Sales and CRM apps

Reviewer 2: IMHO this is a little bit more clear:
```suggestion
This module adds new security options to CRM by creating 3 groups (Own Documents Only, All Documents and Administrator) to separate Sales and CRM apps permissions
```
